good morning ladies and gentlemen
welcome to the world of yoga it is my
privilege and honor to take you all this
journey in words for the better
management of the body mind and spirit
Yoga is a rare gift of ancient India
traditionally god Shiva is regarded as
the original founder of yoga combined by
the sage identity thousands of years ago
the yoga sutras explain the a blends as
progressive series of disciplines which
purify the body and my ultimately
leading the yogi to enlightenment
firstly Yama's are restraints such as
truthfulness non-violence second
Neiman's observances such as purity
contentment ostend heard asanas are the
postures of our stability fourth her
nine is the regulation of bread which
helps to establish control over the mind
fifth-ranked ehara means behind the
sences inward in order to still my sixth
Harnum is focused concentration seventh
diana is a meditation leaning to peace
within an eight somebody is the state of
self-realization or super consciousness
the ultimate goal of
this is not an imaginary of vertical
state but is an actual condition can be
subjectively experience and objectively
observed the word yoga is derived from
the Sanskrit religion meaning to join
for you night according to yoga
scriptures the practice of yoga leads
for the union of the individual
consciousness with the universal
consciousness today more than ever
before people everywhere are facing
stress and tension and turning to
tranquilizers and sleeping pills but
you're the only science of life and
teaches how to bring the stress under
our control through the regular practice
of yoga postures breathing techniques
and meditation in time the mind becomes
more still and you begin to limps a
state of inner peace which is your true
nature it is this that constitutes the
essence of yoga this self realization
that they are all seeking consciously or
unconsciously yoga increases endurance
strength and flexibility lubricates the
joints and reinforces the muscles around
the spine which is a very poor from the
everything s operates hence the saying
you are as young as your spine along
with stress reduction the American Heart
says that yoga can help lower blood
pressure increased lung capacity
improved respiratory function and heart
rate boost circulation and muscle tone
if you have never tasted honey no matter
what I say you cannot imagine the flavor
so let's get a taste of yoga i would
like to request my beliefs to come on
stage miss Tessa said Ron this Susie
form miss Camilla who risked way huyen
was young young how this Angela Silverio
miss Lin's Odin miss Christine lotto
miss nivarya Rizvan and mr. manish mehta
I would also like to request mrs. wanda
na pathani miss na meet other guy mr.
Shankara mr. Albert aswani mr. amit
sharma and mr. Shah malo to assist you
in getting into your yoga postures so
that you don't get all twisted up so
please ladies and gentlemen we start the
class now with her with a little prayer
son gotcha mom son mother Tom sunmo
minesh Jonathan de veau album yet aw
boon way sanjay Nana opacity which means
may you move in harmony may you speak in
unison let your mind be qualifies life
in the beginning let the divinity
manifest in your sacred and devils
please ladies in German man in question
don't stand up and join my colleagues
first posture is someone study which
means in simple terms standing in
attention stand in attention everyone
try to long stretch stretch take out the
chest and put it down like full
attention military time after that the
forward and backward bending of the name
stand with the feet comfortably a bar
keep the hands straight beside the body
keep your arms on the waist while
exhaling move the head forward slowly
and try to touch the chin to the chest
then while inhaling move the head as far
back as this comfortable so this is bad
and forth movement the trouble is we get
added away on our tables and numbered
and strain our necks so this will
release all that tension so just to a
few times a sailing as the chin that is
the chest exhaling inhaling by going
back
now we go right left ND so while
exhaling end ahead slowly to the right
bring that here as close as possible to
a shoulder without raising the shoulder
while inhaling break the head to normal
position then exhale and bow to the
limit one more time inhaling and
exhaling right and then now the right
and left twisting eat the head upright
while exhaling gently turn the head to
the right so that the chain is in line
with the shoulder while inhaling bring
the head to the normal position
similarly wide exhale turn the head to
the lake inhale and bring the head to
the normal position this is one run so
one bar down please
now the final for the name is the name
rotation exhale when the hand forward
trying to bust a chin to the chest and
then inhale slowly rotate the head
clockwise in a circular motion exhale
while coming down do a full rotation of
course every then rotate the head in
anti-clockwise direction inhale go bad
endings in downtown so just one more
round to release an egg from any strain
any stress which has built up the past
few weeks
we now come to the trunk twisting karti
Shakti ragazza he relates about two feet
apart nice above the arms raised all the
arms up to chase them with palms facing
each other and keep them while it's a
twist the body towards the left so that
the right arm that is their shoulder
please twist so that you can see behind
you the right shoulder touches the leg
the left hand goes behind you all the
way behind you means like you're
shooting behind you while exhaling twist
the body towards the right side with
inhalation all the way
and while you are there please continue
to breathe normally in yoga we never
bored out great unless we are going up
3d leggings so please come back to the
center and one more time
to the right all the way left hand or on
the right shoulder and back to the
center now one of the most important is
the knee movement so keep the hands
again but in this position straight up